♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job is too big,
No pup is too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol,
We're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go
PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
[pup barks]
[upbeat music playing]
[Rubble] "Pups Save The Circus."
[Raimundo] Ladies and gentlemen,
pups of all ages,
the most spectacular circus
ever seen in Adventure Bay is…
over.
[laughing]
Thanks for helping
take down the big top, Ryder.
No problem,
Ringmaster Raimundo.
We really loved your circus.
[cheerful music playing]
[whirring]
That's the last tent stake.
Rubble, we need
you and your digger
to load the tent onto the train.
Don't worry, we've got it.
[whistling]
[trumpeting]
[Ryder] Eunice the elephant
and her baby, Ellie?
They were great!
Wait till you see this!
[laughing]
[Ryder] Wow.
[trumpeting]
That's it for the circus.
Bye, Ellie.
[trumpeting]
Wait.
Thanks for a great show.
[chewing]
[trumpeting]
[whistle blowing]
Thanks! Goodbye, everyone!
-Bye, Raimundo.
-[pup] See you later.
[Ryder] Bye, Ellie.
[laughing]
[barking]
Ladies and gentlemen,
the greatest show
in Adventure Bay!
[barking excitedly]
Ta-da!
Whoa, look at those circus pups go!
[beeping]
Hello! Ryder here.
Ryder, I need your help!
It's a super big,
huge emergency!
-What's wrong?
-A whole barrel of peanuts is missing!
And I was going to make a fresh
peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
I'm not sure
how we can help, Alex.
That's not exactly an emergency.
What? I already poured
a whole glass of cold milk.
[beeping]
I have another call
I have to answer.
-Hang in there.
-[sighs]
-Okay, I'll try.
-[beeping]
Ryder, Ellie the baby elephant
got out of her boxcar,
and ran off toward Adventure Bay.
Her mama is very, very…
-very upset!
-[trumpeting]
Ai-yi-yi!
Don't worry.
Tell Eunice we'll find her baby.
No job is too big,
no pup is too small.
Thanks, Ryder.
-[Skye] The triple-decker pups!
-[Rubble laughing]
Ta-da!
PAW Patrol to the Lookout!
-[gasping]
-[all] Ryder needs us!
Whoa!
Whoa, Marshall,
we're still up here!
Oh, yeah.
Whoa!
[both] Whoa, whoa!
-[thudding]
-[pup] Ouch!
Oops. Sorry about that.
[groaning]
[exciting music playing]
[elevator dinging]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir.
Okay, pups,
Ellie the baby elephant
ran away from the circus train.
We have to find her.
Chase, I need you and
your megaphone to call Ellie.
Chase is on the case.
Rocky, Ellie loves peanuts.
Can you build something
out of your recycling to help catch her?
Don't lose it, reuse it!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[barking and cheering]
[main theme music playing]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-[barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[howling]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-[yapping]
[whirring]
♪ Chase! ♪
-[barking]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go
PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Rocky! ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires screeching]
[brakes squealing]
I'm sure I've got something
-to help lure Ellie back to her mama.
-[clattering]
That won't work.
No, this won't work either.
A-ha! Perfect.
And now, all I need
is a bag of peanuts.
[main theme music playing]
[sirens wailing]
[tires screeching]
Ryder! Did you bring me
peanut butter?
Not this time, Alex.
We have to find Ellie
the baby elephant first.
[sighs]
Sure looks like she was here.
[sniffing]
Smells like it too.
Peanut-shell trail.
Good work!
Follow the peanut shells.
[barking and howling]
[sniffing]
Huh. The peanut trail ends here.
Oh! We've chased Ellie
halfway across Adventure Bay.
[honking]
Here comes the Rocky Elephant-Attracter
Peanut Dispenser.
It can make a trail of peanuts.
Watch!
Ha-ha.
-Looks good, Rocky.
-[beeping]
-Ryder, keep an eye out for--
-[trumpeting]
Eunice!
[trumpeting]
-Look out!
-[trumpeting]
[all yelling]
Uh-oh.
-[tires screeching]
-[barking]
[whirring]
Please watch out for
the runaway elephant.
Thank you.
-Look out! Elephant crossing!
-[gasps]
-[trumpeting]
-[screaming]
Okay, now we've got
a bigger problem.
Chase, keep looking for Ellie.
Rocky, we need your Elephant-Attracter
to get Eunice somewhere safe.
You've got it!
Green means go!
[Ryder] Let's roll!
[main theme music playing]
-Dessert, anyone?
-I'm so hungry, I could eat a--
Elephant!
-Well, not that hungry.
-[trumpeting]
Ahhh!
Cool!
[clattering]
Did you see that elephant,
Grandpa? Grandpa?
Mm. The lemon icing
needs a bit more zing.
[trumpeting]
Ryder! PAW Patrol!
Anyone!
[Goodway] Help!
Ryder, PAW Patrol!
Thank goodness you're here.
This elephant does not
have an appointment.
Come and get them, Eunice.
Peanuts!
[trumpeting]
I knew the PAW Patrol could do it.
Okay, Rocky, try to lead her
to Farmer Yumi's barn.
I'll be ready.
Peanuts! Get your peanuts!
Come on, Eunice.
[Goodway] Thank you, Ryder!
That's it, Eunice, right in here.
-[cow mooing]
-[trumpeting]
Wait!
-Eunice!
-[gasping]
[circus-like music playing]
[trumpeting]
Easy, girl.
Rest here while Ryder finds your baby.
Okay, one mama elephant safe,
one baby elephant to go.
[Ryder] Chase, any luck finding Ellie?
I followed her trail
to Mr. Porter's restaurant,
but I don't see her.
Hang on! We'll be right there.
The trail ends here, Ryder.
Looks like Ellie broke this ladder.
Hmm…
Or climbed it.
[trumpeting]
Just like she did in her circus act.
Ellie loves climbing things.
Oh, no.
She loves to jump, too.
It's the best part of her act.
But in the circus,
she jumps on a trampoline!
[gasps]
Rocky, where's the mattress the pups
were jumping on earlier?
In the truck. Why trash them
when you can stash them?
We need a trampoline before
Ellie tries her jumping act.
[trumpeting]
The air mattress is flat.
I'll blow it up!
Chase, your megaphone!
[barking]
Ladies and gentlemen,
in a few moments,
the amazing Ellie
will perform a daring feat.
Almost done?
[blowing rapidly]
[moaning]
Done!
Good job!
You saved the show.
Whoo-hoo.
And now, the moment
you've all been waiting for.
Ellie the elephant's
spectacular leap!
[trumpeting]
[cheering] Yay, Ellie!
[thudding]
[trumpeting]
Aw. That's so sweet.
Uh, I mean, another job well done.
Thanks, Ryder. You and your pups
saved my circus.
That's what we're here for.
If you need us, just yelp for help.
[whistle blowing]
[laughs]
Bye!
Goodbye, everyone!
[trumpeting]
Now, for everyone's favorite act
in all Adventure Bay:
treat time!
What a good bunch of pups.
-Oh, yeah!
-♪ You're all good pups ♪
-♪ And we saved the day! ♪
-[whistle blowing]
[main theme music playing]